As the variable `sap_application_servers` is a list with many parameters, we present you one by one each parameter.

<table>
<thead>
  <tr>
    <th>Name</th>
    <th>Description</th>
    <th>Type</th>
  </tr>
</thead>
<tbody>
  <tr>
    <td>name</td>
    <td>Name of the virtual machine.</td>
    <td>string</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>model</td>
    <td>The module proposes 5 models:<br>
        - S: 2vCPU and 4GB of memory<br>
        - M: 4vCPU and 8GB of memory<br>
        - L: 8vCPU and 16GB of memory<br>
        - XL: 16vCPU and 32GB of memory<br>
        - XXL: 32vCPU and 64GB of memory<br>
    </td>
    <td>string</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>cpus</td>
    <td>Number of vCPU for the virtual machine.<br>
        <b>Mandatory if the variable model is empty.</b>
    </td>
    <td>string</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>cpus_per_socket</td>
    <td>Number of vCPU per socket for the virtual machine.<br>
        <b>Mandatory even if the variable model is empty.</b>
    </td>
    <td>string</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>memory</td>
    <td>Number of memory (in MB) for the virtual machine.<br>
        <b>Mandatory if the variable model is empty.</b>
    </td>
    <td>string</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>custom_disks</td>
    <td>The module proposes by default two disks:<br>
        - disk0 (root) | 128 GB | Thin provisioning<br>
        - disk1 (sap) | 128 GB | Thin provisioning<br><br>
        If you want to set your own configuration for disks, set the variable to true.
    </td>
    <td>boolean</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>disks</td>
    <td>List of disks wanted if the variable custom_disks has been set to true.<br>
        <b>The default disk are no longer created if the variable custom_disks has been set to true</b><br>
        The structure has to be like this:<br><br>
        [<br>
        { "id" : 0, "label" : "disk0", "size" : "{size in GB}", "thin_provisioned" : {true | false=thick}, "datastore_name" : "{datastore to store disk}", "datastore_policy" : "{datastore policy}" },<br>
        { "id" : 1, "label" : "disk1", "size" : "{size in GB}", "thin_provisioned" : {true | false=thick}, "datastore_name" : "{datastore to store disk}", "datastore_policy" : "{datastore policy}" },<br>
        { "id" : 2, "label" : "disk2", "size" : "{size in GB}", "thin_provisioned" : {true | false=thick}, "datastore_name" : "{datastore to store disk}", "datastore_policy" : "{datastore policy}" },<br>
        ...<br>
        ]<br><br>
        Caution, the datastore policy has to be set with the same behaviour on the thin or thick provisioning. Don't set a thin provisioning in the variable if the datastore policy set a thick provisioning.<br><br>
        You have also the possibility to let the datastore_policy empty (""), the Storage Policy by default for the datastore will be applied.<br><br>
        To know more about the Storage Policy (datastore_policy), please refer to the <a href="https://docs.vmware.com/en/VMware-vSphere/6.7/com.vmware.vsphere.storage.doc/GUID-89091D59-D844-46B2-94C2-35A3961D23E7.html">official documentation</a> on VMware.
    </td>
    <td>list()</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>networks</td>
    <td>List of network cards.</td>
    <td>list()</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>guest_id</td>
    <td>Operating System to be compatible between ESXi host and the virtual machine.<br>
        To know the possible value for this variable, please refer to the <a href="https://vdc-repo.vmware.com/vmwb-repository/dcr-public/da47f910-60ac-438b-8b9b-6122f4d14524/16b7274a-bf8b-4b4c-a05e-746f2aa93c8c/doc/vim.vm.GuestOsDescriptor.GuestOsIdentifier.html">official list</a> on VMware.
    </td>
    <td>string</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>vsphere_content_library</td>
    <td>The Content Library name where the OVA is stored, if you want to create the virtual machine from a template.</td>
    <td>string</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>template</td>
    <td>Name of the template.<br>
        <b>Mandatory if the variable vsphere_content_library has been set.</b>
    </td>
    <td>string</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>iso_datastore</td>
    <td>Datastore name where the ISO file is stored, if you want to add a CD-ROM device and start the virtual machine on it.</td>
    <td>string</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>iso_path</td>
    <td>Path in the datastore to locate the ISO file.<br>
        <b>Mandatory if the variable iso_datastore is not empty.</b>
    </td>
    <td>string</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>vapp_options</td>
    <td>Map that you want to pass to the virtual machine.<br>
        <b>Only available with template which has vApp Options enabled.</b><br><br>
        Example: <br>
        {<br>
          "guestinfo.hostname" : "vm-sap-pas",<br>
          "guestinfo.user" : "my-user",<br>
          "guestinfo.password" : "123456789ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ",<br>
          "guestinfo.password_crypted" : "False"<br>
        }<br>
    </td>
    <td>map</td>
  </tr>
</tbody>
</table>